Secretary, why are you hitting me?
I just chased the beggar away.
Beggar, he is the guest of President Shangguan
You have to drive him away
You said you shouldn't fight
VIP, this is impossible.
Dog eyes look down on people
You're fired, get out now
Secretary, please give me another chance
I can't afford to lose this job
Secretary
head of delegation
Mr. Chen, I'm very sorry to surprise you.
It's okay, the president is still waiting for you upstairs
Please follow me.
Investment Allocation of Astigmatism President Group Quarter 1
Today, more than half of insurance companies are reporting
Broke the safety red line
The investment reached the water ticket
Such a serious investment mistake
How do you explain it?
Several shareholders
I have found a new and capable partner
It can solve our business crisis
It can also bring new benefits to our group
Who is the new cooperative room?
The president's guest has arrived
Name Shangguan Yarou Value 95
Favorability 0 everyone
Let me introduce you to
So this is our new partner.
Mr. Chen Tianze of Dynasty Group